1380813397
Application	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
AttributeSetController	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/attribute_set_controller.rb	class AttributeSetController 
AttributeSetControllerTest	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/test/controllers/attribute_set_controller_test.rb	class AttributeSetControllerTest 
AttributeSetHelper	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/helpers/attribute_set_helper.rb	module AttributeSetHelper
AttributeSetHelperTest	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/test/helpers/attribute_set_helper_test.rb	class AttributeSetHelperTest 
Attributes	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/models/attributes.rb	class Attributes
Myshop	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/config/application.rb	module Myshop
Products	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/models/products.rb	class Products
ProductsController	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	class ProductsController 
ProductsControllerTest	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/test/controllers/products_controller_test.rb	class ProductsControllerTest 
ProductsHelper	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/helpers/products_helper.rb	module ProductsHelper
ProductsHelperTest	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/test/helpers/products_helper_test.rb	class ProductsHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
attributes	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/attribute_set_controller.rb	  attr_accessor :attributes,:name,:list
edit	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/attribute_set_controller.rb	  def edit
init	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def init
init	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/attribute_set_controller.rb	  def init
json	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/attribute_set_controller.rb	  def json
link_to_add_fields	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	def link_to_add_fields(name, f, association)
link_to_remove_fields	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def link_to_remove_fields(name, f)
list	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  attr_accessor :products,:name,:list
list	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/attribute_set_controller.rb	  attr_accessor :attributes,:name,:list
name	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  attr_accessor :products,:name,:list
name	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/attribute_set_controller.rb	  attr_accessor :attributes,:name,:list
products	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  attr_accessor :products,:name,:list
save	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def save
save	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/attribute_set_controller.rb	  def save
set_data	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def set_data
set_data	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/attribute_set_controller.rb	  def set_data
show	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/danil/project/diploma/myshop/app/controllers/attribute_set_controller.rb	  def show
